Add notifications with Shoutrr (#3215)
StackExchange/dnscontrol: documentation/notifications.md

Configure `bonfire_url` to be the full url including room and api key.

> ### Others

Reviewer: Suggestion: Move this to the top of the list
```suggestion
### Shoutrrr (email, Discord, Pushover, etc.)
```

> DNSControl can use many other notification methods via Shoutrrr, such as email (SMTP), Discord, Pushover and others. See the [Shoutrrr documentation](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/v0.8/services/overview/) for a list of supported methods and configuration instructions.

Reviewer 2: I would like to propose to change this version '0.8' to 'latest'. From the MkDocs generator a redirect takes place to the actual latest version.

```suggestion
DNSControl can use many other notification methods via Shoutrrr, such as email (SMTP), Discord, Pushover and others. See the [Shoutrrr documentation](https://containrrr.dev/shoutrrr/latest/services/overview/) for a list of supported methods and configuration instructions.
```
